---
title: What the Crawlers?
description: Learn what crawlers are and bonus tips for everyday programming life.
date: 2021-05-03 09:49:46
category: dev
background: "#637a91"
---

## O que vimos hoje

### Tip Refactoring function names

When you're refactoring a function let the renaming as the last step, this way we can wait to see what the function ends up doing before we spend time thinking of a name.

---

### Crawling

The program that does the fetching of websites over the internet is called Googlebot (also known as a robot, bot, or spider). Googlebot uses an algorithmic process to determine which sites to crawl, how often, and how many pages to fetch from each site.

During the crawl, google renders the page using a recent version of Chrome. It also runs any page scripts it finds.

Google uses two different crawlers for crawling websites, on for desktop and one for mobile, each one simulate the respective user device to access the websites.

Your website should have clear links to all other pages on it, with an `<a href="/page">` to do it.

Another tip to make your website rank higher is to have a short and meaningful title in each page of your website. Also to put a description in each page through the `<meta name="description" content="Meaningful description here" />` .

---

### Other @media property other than screen:

Did you know that there are four types of @media properties? Here they are:

- `all` - for all media type devices
- `print` - for printers
- `speech` - for screenreaders that "reads"the page out loud
- `screen` - for computer screens, tablets, smart-phones etc.

One example of `print` media type would be to turn the body background color to another color to help printing, it could be done like this:

```css
@media print {
  body {
    color: black;
  }
}
```

## Principal coisa nova

The tip on renaming the functions you are refactoring lastly is a good tip, because you don't waste time tihinking in a name before you even realize what the function is really doing.

## Piadoca

Qual espécie de camelo tem uma cova e quatro hélices? O dronedário

## Referências

[Book Mastering React Test Driven Development](https://www.amazon.com.br/dp/B07RJCLX5C/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?_encoding=UTF8&btkr=1)

[How search work](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/beginner/how-search-works)

[Other media properties](https://yangshun.github.io/front-end-interview-handbook/en/css-questions#can-you-give-an-example-of-an-media-property-other-than-screen)
